samples: matter: Removed FEM settings from all samples (#9768)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Support for Wi-Fi Network Diagnostic Cluster (which counts the number of packets received and transmitted on the Wi-Fi interface).
  * Default support for nRF7002 revision B.

>   * Set the default output powers for Thread devices to the maximum ones for all targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Feature for setting the default output powers for Thread devices to the maximum ones for all targets.
```

>   * Feature for setting the default output powers for Thread devices to the maximum ones for all targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Feature for setting the default transmission output power for Matter over Thread devices.
     By default, the feature sets the power to the maximum available one for all targets.
```
Not sure if this is a good edit, but it should go in this proposed direction.

* Updated:

  * Default heap implementation to use Zephyr's ``sys_heap`` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP`) to better control the RAM usage of Matter applications.

>   * Default output power for FEM devices to +10 dBm.

Reviewer 2: Why `+10` and not `+20`? :)

Author: Hmm, to be consistent with our tests. For now, we have a +10 dB difference between FEM and non-FEM devices in tests, but it's ok with me to set the maximum value here :)

Reviewer 2: What was the gain prior to this change? I thought it was +20dBm.

Author: Previously both FEM, and non-FEM devices were set to +0 dBm, but the FEM Gain was set to +20 dB (wrongly oversteering), and that caused a difference of ~7 dB between those devices. The FEM gain should be set automatically, and the CONFIG_OPENTHREAD_DEFAULT_TX_POWER config sets power at the antenna output only.

  * Support for Wi-Fi Network Diagnostic Cluster (which counts the number of packets received and transmitted on the Wi-Fi interface).
  * Default support for nRF7002 revision B.
  * Specific QR code and onboarding information in the documentation for each :ref:`Matter sample <matter_samples>` and the :ref:`Matter weather station <matter_weather_station_app>`.
  * Feature for setting the default transmission output power for Matter over Thread devices.
    By default, the feature sets the power to the maximum available one for all targets:

>     9 dBm for nRF52840, 3 dBm for nRF5340, 20 dBm for FEM devices and 9 dBm for sleepy devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    9 dBm for nRF52840, 3 dBm for nRF5340, 20 dBm for FEM devices, and 9 dBm for sleepy devices.
```

>     9 dBm for nRF52840, 3 dBm for nRF5340, 20 dBm for FEM devices, and 9 dBm for sleepy devices.

Reviewer 3: Did you mean 0dBM for sleepy devices? Btw, I noticed you changed it in the samples. Do you think it would make sense to set it in Kconfig.defaults using `if OPENTHREAD_MTD_SED`?

Reviewer 3: Actually, is this release note needed? The feature is added to Thread, and it's only used in Matter samples, right?

Author: Right, I will change the value to 0 dBm for sleepy devices.  Regarding the second question, Yes, the feature was added to Thread, so I can remove that line and leave only a note about default settings for all targets in samples.

>     9 dBm for nRF52840, 3 dBm for nRF5340, 20 dBm for FEM devices, and 9 dBm for sleepy devices.

Reviewer 2: Isn't 8dBm for nRF52840 and 0 for Sleepy end devices?

* Updated:

  * Default heap implementation to use Zephyr's ``sys_heap`` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP`) to better control the RAM usage of Matter applications.

>   * Enabled the automatic gain control for FEM devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Automatic gain control for FEM devices, which is enabled by default.
```

  * Default heap implementation to use Zephyr's ``sys_heap`` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP`) to better control the RAM usage of Matter applications.
  * :ref:`ug_matter_device_certification` page with a section about certification document templates.

>   * Automatic gain control for FEM devices, which is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The feature for controlling automatic power gain for FEM devices.
     This feature is now enabled by default.
```

  * Default heap implementation to use Zephyr's ``sys_heap`` (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP`) to better control the RAM usage of Matter applications.
  * :ref:`ug_matter_device_certification` page with a section about certification document templates.
  * :ref:`ug_matter_overview_commissioning` page with information about :ref:`ug_matter_network_topologies_commissioning_onboarding_formats`.

>   * The feature for controlling automatic power gain for FEM devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Feature for controlling automatic power gain for FEM devices.
```

> * :ref:`matter_lock_sample`:
> 
>   * Added `thread_wifi_switched` build type that enables switching between Thread and Wi-Fi network support in the field.
>   * Removed FEM-related Kconfig options from all samples.
>     Now, the transmission output power for Matter over Thread can be set using the :kconfig:option:`OPENTHREAD_DEFAULT_TX_POWER` Kconfig option.
>   * Set the default Thread output power to 8 dBm for nRF52840DK, 3 dBm for nRF5350DK and 20 dBm for FEM devices.
>   * Set Thread output power to 0 dBm for examples that use sleepy devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Removed FEM-related Kconfig options from all samples.
    Now, the transmission output power for Matter over Thread can be set using the :kconfig:option:`OPENTHREAD_DEFAULT_TX_POWER` Kconfig option.
    The default Thread output power is set to 8 dBm for nRF52840DK, 3 dBm for nRF5350DK, and 20 dBm for FEM devices.
    For samples that use sleepy devices, the Thread output power is set to 0 dBm.

* :ref:`matter_lock_sample`:

  * Added `thread_wifi_switched` build type that enables switching between Thread and Wi-Fi network support in the field.

```
Sorry, I realised you edited all samples in this PR.
